image-hd: add forced-primary flag for higher MBR layout flexibility (#248)
pengutronix/genimage: README.rst

:bootable:		Boolean specifying whether to set the bootable flag.
:in-partition-table:	Boolean specifying whether to include this partition in
			the partition table. Defaults to true.

> :forced-primary:	Force this partition to be a primary partition in the
> 			MBR partition table, useful when the extended partition should be
> 			followed by primary partitions. If there are more partitions
> 			defined after the first forced-primary, they must be also defined
> 			as forced-primary. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: Didn't you meant to say the opposite here? 

```suggestion
:forced-primary:	Force this partition to be a primary partition in the
			MBR partition table, useful when primary partitions should follow
			the extended partition. If there are more partitions defined
			after the first forced-primary, they must be also defined as
			forced-primary. Defaults to false.
```

Reviewer: Right. Passive tense kinda confused me, but it is nicer as then the words are in the right order as well. So fine by me as is :+1:
